Let me go! I'm going to save him
Liyuan's three knives and one small success
Bombing the sun but the jade valley
No chance of survival
If he doesn't die
The future achievements are limitless
It's a pity that fallen geniuses are not even as good as dust
My spirit son
What advice does Fellow Daoist Xu have?
Your Excellency handed over such an excellent apprentice
Xu is ashamed
But Xu also wants to ask Your Excellency for advice
It just so happens that I have been waiting for 30 years
Xu Zhenglao, look at the stand
And also
He's still alive.
What is still alive?
A mere mouth of seven dynasties
Can you take off both my ends?
That's not possible.
The realm has always limited you servants
Instead of convincing us that genius is good
Will cut the monk with the third knife
When I don't know what to do
Although Han Yang was lucky enough to carry two knives
But he didn't know about these three swords
A knife is stronger than a knife
The third knife slashes Amano